This is Loris.

Loris is a C++ class library implementing analysis, manipulation, and
synthesis of digitized sounds using the Reassigned Bandwidth-Enhanced
Additive Sound Model. Loris supports modified resynthesis and
manipulations of the model data, such as time- and frequency-scale
modification and sound morphing. Loris includes support and wrapper
code for building extension modules for various scripting languages
(Python, Tcl, Perl).

Loris is developed by Kelly Fitz and Lippold Haken at the CERL Sound
Group (http://www.cerlsoundgroup.org), with contributions from Paul
Christensen. IEEE floating point conversion code was provided by
Malcolm Slaney and Ken Turkowski. Reference-counted "smart pointer"
code provided by Vladimir Batov.

For more information about Loris and the Reassigned Bandwidth-Enhanced
Additive Model, contact the developers at loris@cersloundgroup.org, or
visit them at http://www.cerlsoundgroup.org/Loris/.

The primary distribution point for Loris is SourceForge
(http://www.sourceforge.net) and its mirrors.

DIRECTORIES:

Loris/classes - the Loris C++ class library.

Loris/demo - a simple sound morphing demonstration using a Loris
extension module to the Python scripting language.

Loris/demo/morphdemo.out - sample output from the sound morphing
demonstration script (sanity chcek).

Loris/mac - Metrowerks Codewarrior project for building Loris under MacOS.

Loris/python - a Python extension module used in the initial
development of Loris, included temporarily as part of the BETA
distributions, and will be replaced by a more general scripting
language interface.

In order to compile and link the Loris library and scripting
extensions, you will need the FFTW Fourier transform routines,
available at http://www.fftw.org/, and the SDIF (Sound Description
Interchange Format) data formatting routines, available at
http://cnmat.CNMAT.Berkeley.EDU/SDIF/. FFTW and SDIF are covered by
their own licenses and copyrights, and are entirely separate from
Loris.

Loris Makefiles and projects look for the FFTW distribution in a
directory "FFTW" at the same level as the Loris directory. Loris
Makefiles and projects look for the SDIF distribution in a directory
"CNMAT-SDIF-alpha" at the same level as the Loris directory. For
example:

	/usr/local/Loris
	/usr/local/FFTW/fftw-2.1.3
	/usr/local/CNMAT-SDIF-alpha


You may need to change your Makefiles or projects if you install these
packages in some other configuration.

PLATFORMS:

Loris has been tested under Linux (Slackware) 2.2.13 and IRIX 6.5
using gcc-2.95.2 and MacOS 9 using Metrowerks Codewarrior Pro 5 (with
all updates). It should compile with any reasonably standard-compliant
compiler.

COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE:

Loris is Copyright (c) 1999-2000 Kelly Fitz and Lippold Haken.

Loris is free software, as defined by the Free Software Foundation,
and is distributed under the terms of the GNU General Public License.
See the COPYRIGHT and LICENSE documents.

